fix some doc mistakes (#91)
ansys/pyworkbench: doc/source/user-guide.rst

- Server name or IP address
- Port number

> - (optional) Client-side working directory, which is the default location for client-side files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Client-side working directory, which is an optional parameter indicating the default
   location for client-side files
```

.. code-block:: python

    from ansys.workbench.core import connect_workbench

    host = "server_machine_name_or_IP"
    port = server_port_number
    wb = connect_workbench(host=host, port=port)

> The ``client_workdir`` option to the ``connect_workbench()`` function specifies a working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``client_workdir`` parameter for the ``connect_workbench()`` function specifies a working
```

You can upload and download data files to and from the server using the ``upload_file()`` and ``download_file``
methods. The client-side working directory is used to hold these files unless absolute paths or target directories
are specified. There is also a working directory on the server for the same purpose. To obtain the server’s working

> directory, you can use the query ``GetServerWorkingDirectory()`` in the scripts that run on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directory, you can use the ``GetServerWorkingDirectory()`` query in the scripts that run on the server.
```
We put the noun describing what the code entity is after the code entity.

    """
    )

> This client script downloads all files with .out extensions from the server's working directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This client script downloads all files with ``.out`` extensions from the server's working directory:
```

.. code-block:: python

    wb.download_file("*.out")

> There is a special client method to upload a data file from the ANSYS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a special client method to upload a data file from the Ansys
```
